---
layout: page
title: "About the Workshop"
tags: [about, workshop]
image:
  feature: pierce2.jpg
  credit: 
  creditlink: 
share: true
categories: [sticky]
---

# Basics
The Digital Musics graduate program of the Dartmouth College Music Department is hosting a three day workshop from **October 10 to October 12** in rural New Hampshire.

## Details
This workshop brings together **creative computer scientists, programmers, musicians, and visual artists** for a three day workshop on audio and visual synthesis methods. The workshop is located in a remote pastoral setting where the participants will have free reign to roam the grounds, take hikes, and gather by a campfire at night. During the days the workshop will include tutorials, a poster session, and roundtable discussions. The evenings will include performances by invited multimedia artists and collective *AV synthesis jams*.

We invite anyone with research interest in creative applications for audio or visual synthesis to register. The following topics will be included in the workshop (among others):

- Brain-media mappings
- Neural net based synthesizers
- Physical modeling
- Parametric models
- Data driven synthesis models and machine learning

Delicious meals and snacks will be catered by the inn. Lodging for 2 evenings will be provided.

## Participate
If interested please **register** with us. After that, go to the **wiki** and create a page explaining a little bit about yourself. If you have any questions **contact us**.

Due to limited resources we require all attendees to participate fully in the event. If you are not sure that you can commit to the full weekend, please do not register. Contact us and explain your situation. If we can accommodate you we'll let you know.

<!--<a href="#" class="btn btn-success">Register</a>--><a class="lightbox-42325467071149" style="cursor:pointer;color:blue;text-decoration:underline;">Registration</a> <a href="#" class="btn btn-info">Wiki</a> <a href="mailto:sarroff@cs.dartmouth.edu" class="btn btn-primary">Contact Us</a>
